good taste friends there we are
again
today it's about simon trucks unplayed
Everybody knows the let's play
network player and has my opinion
After a very cool experiment
the video is not attacking so yet
please do not think so , that's just it
my feelings and 2 are I wanted
the topic brings you a little closer and
have fun with the video
started the project has on the mai
bow to be exact
Since he has been trying a month
long to live vegan and doing so
Everything he is to test for instagram
Now of course the question is what is it
heavy vegan ok waives animal
products like milk equal to eggs cheese
everything close or everything on the tube
access to large no matter what you eat
just post everything
In any case, I did not think so
just in front of my everyone would be good 1000
people in germany on the world im
Space can make reference to space
What you eat in addition there was still everyone
Tag a video filmed on his second
little joke on the edge of what makes
actually a shelf with the popular
So songs as me from the project
I definitely got that
not everyone makes cool things first
yes, in any case, I find very cool
action from him that he just times
really to be such a big insight
shows life if that interests you
I link you and in the
description in any case again
his 2 channel with the whole videos
where he also started the whole series
and the videos has uploaded instagram
I also am what say
I found you informed yes
again in the description so
I've also seen gate over
what has posted mostly had so
pure eaten is so oatmeal hears
Actually
he said tastes good and yes I want
Trying it out, it's true
yes, ok, hammerstein will really goggle
but seriously if it tastes good
well I trust times just look
past and yes he has also the
external network player which he has with them
a follow rempel has been chosen and still has
talked about the whole stuff
the vegan level will be like him
has been issued and does all
summarized
I definitely thought it was cool and cool
simon has decided on it now
continue to live vegan
I hope you have me under the
We can die a piggy bank leaves
you always treat as
For example, simon also shows in his
videos that just meat
can replace with tembo
as well as cow's milk one can quite
simply by lack of milk or
replace soy milk
that tastes pretty good too so so
does not attack you yes it is
My own opinion celebrates light
his project and i hope you find
my beer also very nice and informative
maybe you already have
vegetarian with the thought busy
or to live vegan or simply
only buy controlled food
no, we all know that, everybody is watching you
but sometimes those to the makers or apply
burger king
everyone buys 15 traders for 10 euros
or I do not share
pay attention to all conditionally prices
you just do not care what you do
really want is so one is not
simply political think even a euro
in the civic hall I want to buy 15
you can not do it on the body
moral apostles or something is just
just said how I think so
and yes I just wanted to video
make topic because it is really interesting
In any case, it fits
employ
and yes if it celebrates my video and
it finds ball in any case
times 7 1-channel the link below
and watch the videos
really nice yes if simon the video
somehow wanted to see what, of course
cool kaspersky it would be just great v
People are a n card if it's you
like and yet let me a thumbs
up there no matter if embarrassing
Spanish vegan or at least one
meat knife takes nothing more of
to miss me subscribe me
just to my left you come to
my last video and right of me
linked another video all
left again I said and
social media are in the infobox
linked looks in any case
pass under us again
and the dream
Salad shrinks the biceps
Not